documentation in sphinx format (#1090)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/accelerators.md

# Using AI accelerators {#ovms_docs_target_devices}

## Start the Server with a Neural Compute Stick

Using the [Intel Movidius Neural Compute Stick 2](https://software.intel.com/en-us/neural-compute-stick) with the server is possible with the [MYRIAD
plugin](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2021.4/openvino_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_MYRIAD.html). 

> The Intel Movidius Neural Compute Stick must be visible and accessible on host machine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intel Movidius Neural Compute Stick must be visible and accessible on the host machine. 
```

NCS devices should be reported by `lsusb` command, which should print out `ID 03e7:2485`.<br>

> To start server with Neural Compute Stick using one of the options below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the server with Neural Compute Stick, use one of the options below:
```

> 1) More secure without docker privileged mode and mounting only the usb devices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) More secure option: without docker privileged mode and mounting only the USB devices:
```

   ```
   docker run --rm -it -u 0 --device-cgroup-rule='c 189:* rmw' -v /opt/model:/opt/model -v /dev/bus/usb:/dev/bus/usb -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server \
   --model_path /opt/model --model_name my_model --port 9001 --target_device MYRIAD
   ```

> 2) less secure in docker privileged mode wth mounted all devices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Less secure option: in docker privileged mode with mounting all devices:
```

   ```
   docker run --rm -it --net=host -u root --privileged -v /opt/model:/opt/model -v /dev:/dev -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server \
   --model_path /opt/model --model_name my_model --port 9001 --target_device MYRIAD
   ```

## Starting a Docker Container with HDDL

> In order to run container that is using HDDL accelerator, _hddldaemon_ must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A container using HDDL accelerator, _hddldaemon_ must
```

>  run on host machine. It's required to set up environment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 run on the host machine. Set up the environment 
```

>  (the OpenVINO package must be pre-installed) and start _hddldaemon_ on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 (pre-install the OpenVINO package) and start _hddldaemon_ on the
```

See an example command below:

```
docker run --rm -it --device=/dev/dri -v /opt/model:/opt/model -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server:latest-gpu \
--model_path /opt/model --model_name my_model --port 9001 --target_device GPU
```

Running inference on GPU device(s) requires the server process security context account to have the correct permissions.
It must belong to the render group identified by the following command:
```
stat -c "group_name=%G group_id=%g" /dev/dri/render*
```
The default account in the Docker image `openvino/model_server:latest-gpu` is preconfigured. In case you change the security context, use the following command
to start the Model Server container:
```
docker run --rm -it  --device=/dev/dri --group-add=$(stat -c "%g" /dev/dri/render*) -u $(id -u):$(id -g) \
-v /opt/model:/opt/model -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server:latest-gpu \
--model_path /opt/model --model_name my_model --port 9001 --target_device GPU
```

*Note:* The Docker image (`openvino/model_server:latest-gpu`) includes OpenCL for GPU driver version 20.35.17767. Older versions can be used 

> by building the image from source with a parameter `INSTALL_DRIVER_VERSION:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by building the image from the source with a parameter `INSTALL_DRIVER_VERSION:`
```
